CHANGELOG.rst
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
Makefile
README.md
make.bat
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
runtime.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
assets/logo.xcf
docs/Makefile
docs/conf.py
docs/foo.ini
docs/genindex.rst
docs/index.rst
docs/make.bat
docs/requirements.txt
docs/_static/array.csv
docs/_static/array.ini
docs/_static/container.csv
docs/_static/container.ini
docs/_static/container.json
docs/_static/pointer.csv
docs/_static/pointer.ini
docs/_static/reading.bin
docs/_static/sequence.csv
docs/_static/sequence.ini
docs/_static/structure.csv
docs/_static/structure.ini
docs/_static/writing.bin
docs/_static/images/logo.png
docs/annex/changelog.rst
docs/annex/contributing.rst
docs/annex/license.rst
docs/api/index.rst
docs/bytestream/deserializing.rst
docs/bytestream/reading.rst
docs/bytestream/writing.rst
docs/containers/array.rst
docs/containers/sequence.rst
docs/containers/structure.rst
docs/content/concept.rst
docs/content/containers.rst
docs/content/fields.rst
docs/content/intro.rst
docs/content/mapper.rst
docs/pointers/index.rst
docs/providers/index.rst
notebooks/containers/Array.csv
notebooks/containers/Array.ini
notebooks/containers/Array.ipynb
notebooks/containers/Array.json
notebooks/containers/Pointer.csv
notebooks/containers/Pointer.ini
notebooks/containers/Pointer.ipynb
notebooks/containers/Pointer.json
notebooks/containers/Sequence.csv
notebooks/containers/Sequence.ini
notebooks/containers/Sequence.ipynb
notebooks/containers/Sequence.json
notebooks/containers/Structure.csv
notebooks/containers/Structure.ini
notebooks/containers/Structure.ipynb
notebooks/containers/Structure.json
notebooks/fields/Bipolar field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Bit field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Bitset field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Bool field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Byte field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Char field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Datetime field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Decimal field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Double field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Enum field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Float field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Fraction field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/IPv4Address field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Pointer field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Scaled field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Signed field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Stream field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/String field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Unipolar field.ipynb
notebooks/fields/Unsigned field.ipynb
src/KonFoo.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/KonFoo.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/KonFoo.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/KonFoo.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/KonFoo.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/konfoo/__init__.py
src/konfoo/categories.py
src/konfoo/core.py
src/konfoo/enums.py
src/konfoo/exceptions.py
src/konfoo/fields.py
src/konfoo/globals.py
src/konfoo/options.py
src/konfoo/pointers.py
src/konfoo/providers.py
src/konfoo/utils.py
tests/foo.ini
tests/pytest.ini