.coveragerc
.gitignore
.readthedocs.yml
AUTHORS.rst
CHANGELOG.rst
LICENSE
README.rst
README.txt
SECURITY.md
make_proplist.py
make_pydoc3.py
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
setup.py
tox.ini
.github/workflows/codeql-analysis.yml
.github/workflows/python-publish.yml
docs/Makefile
docs/Solver_gui_control.md
docs/assets_and_resources.rst
docs/authors.rst
docs/changelog.rst
docs/components.md
docs/conf.py
docs/documentation_generation.md
docs/groups.md
docs/index.rst
docs/license.rst
docs/limits.md
docs/nodetree.rst
docs/observers.rst
docs/package_structure.rst
docs/requirements.txt
docs/scene_and_nodes.rst
docs/tags.md
docs/watches.md
docs/_static/.gitignore
docs/_static/custom.css
docs/examples/dave_jupyter_show.ipynb
docs/examples/dave_jupyter_show_xray.ipynb
docs/examples/dave_jupyter_wind_and_current.ipynb
docs/examples/pin_hole_connect.py
docs/examples/shackles.py
docs/examples/sling_length.ipynb
docs/examples/stability.py
docs/examples/unstable_equlibrium_hinge.py
docs/examples/wind.ipynb
docs/examples/.ipynb_checkpoints/pin_hole_connect-checkpoint.py
docs/images/Dave_icon.png
docs/images/axis.png
docs/images/beam.png
docs/images/buoy_mesh.png
docs/images/cable.png
docs/images/con2d.png
docs/images/cube.png
docs/images/force.png
docs/images/lincon6.png
docs/images/linhyd.png
docs/images/poi.png
docs/images/promo1.jpg
docs/images/trimesh.png
docs/images/twinlift.jpg
docs/images/visual.png
guis/Dave_icon.png
guis/UC_icon.png
guis/addnode_form.ui
guis/axis.png
guis/axis_blue.png
guis/beam.png
guis/blender_icon_64x64.png
guis/buoy_mesh.png
guis/cable.png
guis/circle.png
guis/circle_blue.png
guis/component.png
guis/con2d.png
guis/contactball.png
guis/contactmesh.png
guis/cross.png
guis/cube.png
guis/cube_open.png
guis/cube_shaded.png
guis/current.png
guis/dlg_settings.ui
guis/dlg_solver.ui
guis/file_new.png
guis/fish.png
guis/force.png
guis/frm_animation.ui
guis/frm_standard_assets.ui
guis/front.png
guis/icon_copy.png
guis/icon_undo.png
guis/icons.xcf
guis/icons_blue.xcf
guis/import.png
guis/lincon6.png
guis/linhyd.png
guis/main_form.ui
guis/menu_nodetypes.ui
guis/pin_hole.png
guis/poi.png
guis/point_blue.png
guis/python logo klein.png
guis/redball.png
guis/resources.qrc
guis/run.bat
guis/sheave.png
guis/side.png
guis/sling.png
guis/splashscreen.png
guis/spmt.png
guis/tank.png
guis/top.png
guis/trimesh.png
guis/uc_colorbar.png
guis/uc_colorbar_smaller.png
guis/visual.png
guis/waveinteraction.png
guis/widget_airy.ui
guis/widget_area.ui
guis/widget_axis.ui
guis/widget_ballastconfiguration.ui
guis/widget_ballastsolver.ui
guis/widget_beam.ui
guis/widget_bendingmomentpreview.ui
guis/widget_body.ui
guis/widget_cable.ui
guis/widget_component.ui
guis/widget_con2d.ui
guis/widget_connections.ui
guis/widget_contactball.ui
guis/widget_dynprop.ui
guis/widget_environment.ui
guis/widget_explore.ui
guis/widget_footprints.ui
guis/widget_force.ui
guis/widget_geometricconnection.ui
guis/widget_limits.ui
guis/widget_lincon6.ui
guis/widget_linhyd.ui
guis/widget_modeshapes.ui
guis/widget_name.ui
guis/widget_poi.ui
guis/widget_selection_actions.ui
guis/widget_shackle.ui
guis/widget_sheave.ui
guis/widget_sling.ui
guis/widget_spmt.ui
guis/widget_stability_displ.ui
guis/widget_tank.ui
guis/widget_tank_order.ui
guis/widget_visual.ui
guis/widget_waveinteraction.ui
guis/wind.png
src/Untitled.ipynb
src/DAVE/DAVE.ico
src/DAVE/__init__.py
src/DAVE/auto_download.py
src/DAVE/frequency_domain.py
src/DAVE/hull_builder.py
src/DAVE/marine.py
src/DAVE/node_properties.csv
src/DAVE/nodes.py
src/DAVE/rigging.py
src/DAVE/run_gui.py
src/DAVE/scene.py
src/DAVE/settings.py
src/DAVE/settings_visuals.py
src/DAVE/tools.py
src/DAVE/visual.py
src/DAVE/gui/__init__.py
src/DAVE/gui/dockwidget.py
src/DAVE/gui/element_widgets.py
src/DAVE/gui/main.py
src/DAVE/gui/new_node_dialog.py
src/DAVE/gui/standard_assets.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_BendingMoment.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_airy.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_ballastconfiguration.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_ballastsolver.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_ballastsystemselect.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_derivedproperties.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_dof_edit.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_dynamic_properties.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_environment.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_explore.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_footprints.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_limits.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_modeshapes.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_nodeprops.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_nodetree.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_painter.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_plot.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_rigg_it_right.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_stability_disp.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_tags.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_tank_order.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_template_example.py
src/DAVE/gui/widget_watches.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/__init__.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/addnode_form.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/dialog_edit_watch.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/dlg_settingsr.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/dlg_solver.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/frm_animation.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/frm_standard_assets.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/main_form.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/menu_nodetypes.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/resources_rc.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/viewer_form.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_airy.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_ballastconfiguration.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_ballastsolver.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_environment.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_explore.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_modeshapes.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widgetUI_tank_order.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_area.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_axis.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_beam.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_bendingmomentpreview.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_body.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_cable.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_component.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_con2d.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_connections.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_contactball.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_dynprop.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_footprints.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_force.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_geometricconnection.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_limits.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_lincon6.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_linhyd.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_name.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_poi.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_selection_actions.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_shackle.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_sheave.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_sling.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_spmt.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_stability_displUI.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_tank.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_visual.py
src/DAVE/gui/forms/widget_waveinteraction.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/__init__.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/align_zeros_of_yyplots.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/ctrl_enter.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/flow_layout.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/gridedit.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/highlighter.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/my_qt_helpers.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/nodelist_drag_drop_move.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/popup_textbox.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/property_editor.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/qmenu.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/qnodepicker.py
src/DAVE/gui/helpers/qt_clickable_poly.py
src/DAVE/io/blender.py
src/DAVE/io/orcaflex.py
src/DAVE/io/simplify.py
src/DAVE/io/orcaflex_helpers/get_ofx_results.py
src/DAVE/io/orcaflex_helpers/ofx_results.yml
src/DAVE/jupyter/__init__.py
src/DAVE/jupyter/jupyter.py
src/DAVE/jupyter/reporting.py
src/DAVE/reporting/__init__.py
src/DAVE/reporting/utils/TextAvoidOverlap.py
src/DAVE/reporting/utils/__init__.py
src/DAVE/resources/100x30x8_barge.dave
src/DAVE/resources/17919_Seal_baby_happy_V1.obj
src/DAVE/resources/CWB_generic_800t.obj
src/DAVE/resources/Crosby_anchor_shackle_generic200t.obj
src/DAVE/resources/GPWB_generic.obj
src/DAVE/resources/Scene_barge_at_yard.dave
src/DAVE/resources/Snake15.dave
src/DAVE/resources/barge with linear hydrostatics.dave
src/DAVE/resources/barge.obj
src/DAVE/resources/barge_100_30_4.dhyd
src/DAVE/resources/barge_100x30x4_ofx.hyd
src/DAVE/resources/base ocean.blend
src/DAVE/resources/base ocean.blend1
src/DAVE/resources/billy.dave
src/DAVE/resources/buoyancy cheetah.obj
src/DAVE/resources/buoyancy husky.obj
src/DAVE/resources/buoyancy octopus.obj
src/DAVE/resources/buoyancy turtle.obj
src/DAVE/resources/cheetah with crane and 4p block.dave
src/DAVE/resources/cheetah with crane.dave
src/DAVE/resources/cheetah.dave
src/DAVE/resources/cheetah.dhyd
src/DAVE/resources/cog.obj
src/DAVE/resources/cone chopped.obj
src/DAVE/resources/cone d1.obj
src/DAVE/resources/crane block 2p.dave
src/DAVE/resources/crane block 4p.dave
src/DAVE/resources/cube.obj
src/DAVE/resources/cube_with_bevel.obj
src/DAVE/resources/cylinder 1x1x1 lowres.obj
src/DAVE/resources/cylinder 1x1x1.obj
src/DAVE/resources/default_component.dave
src/DAVE/resources/floater.obj
src/DAVE/resources/foundation.dave
src/DAVE/resources/foundation.obj
src/DAVE/resources/grid10.dave
src/DAVE/resources/hook2p.obj
src/DAVE/resources/hook4p.obj
src/DAVE/resources/husky.dave
src/DAVE/resources/husky.dhyd
src/DAVE/resources/lower_block.obj
src/DAVE/resources/mast crane.dave
src/DAVE/resources/node_prop_info.csv
src/DAVE/resources/octopus.dave
src/DAVE/resources/padeye.obj
src/DAVE/resources/pendulum.dave
src/DAVE/resources/plane.obj
src/DAVE/resources/plane_curved.stl
src/DAVE/resources/pyramid.obj
src/DAVE/resources/robot_body.obj
src/DAVE/resources/shackle_data.csv
src/DAVE/resources/shackle_gp800.obj
src/DAVE/resources/shackle_gp800_wb.obj
src/DAVE/resources/sphere d1.obj
src/DAVE/resources/spreaderbar.dave
src/DAVE/resources/suzanne.stl
src/DAVE/resources/tower.dave
src/DAVE/resources/trunnion_800.obj
src/DAVE/resources/turbine blade.dave
src/DAVE/resources/turbine blade.obj
src/DAVE/resources/turbine nacelle.dave
src/DAVE/resources/turtle.dave
src/DAVE/resources/uc_colorbar_smaller.png
src/DAVE/resources/upper_block.obj
src/DAVE/resources/upsea turbine.dave
src/DAVE/resources/virtualSea.jpg
src/DAVE/resources/visual a-frame.obj
src/DAVE/resources/visual crane mast and boomrest.obj
src/DAVE/resources/visual crane-boom.obj
src/DAVE/resources/visual vessel cheetah.obj
src/DAVE/resources/visual vessel husky.obj
src/DAVE/resources/visual vessel octopus.obj
src/DAVE/resources/visual vessel turtle.obj
src/DAVE/resources/white.png
src/DAVE/resources/wirecube.obj
src/DAVE/resources/worker.obj
src/DAVE/resources/yard.dave
src/DAVE/solvers/ballast.py
src/DAVE/visual_helpers/__init__.py
src/DAVE/visual_helpers/vtkBlenderLikeInteractionStyle.py
src/DAVE/visual_helpers/vtkHelpers.py
src/useDAVE.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/useDAVE.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/useDAVE.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/useDAVE.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/useDAVE.egg-info/requires.txt
src/useDAVE.egg-info/top_level.txt
tests/test_cable_loop.py
tests/test_resources.py
tests/test_simplify_split_cable.py
tests/test_simplify_tank_to_body.py